onboard naval ships and submarines. Also, the commanding officer is at
the top of the organizational command. Below him is an executive officer.
Well, the executive officer are multiple department heads. One
of the department heads is a chief engineer. The chief engineer is
responsible for all propulsion, heating, light water. So everything
that it takes make a ship or suffering go fool. Because maybe ships
we go forward. Navy ships, navy aircraft, they go for we fight forward,
not designed to go in reverse, decide to go forward into the line
of battle. So, as a chief engineer, my responsibility I had 150 men
assigned to bay on the USS Ticonderoga. Had an operational annual
operational budget of about 30 million. And all told on the equipment,
um, infrastructure, if you will. I'd say that ship was worth that.
I was responsible for about $750 million. So that's what we do. Is
the chief engineer is keep the ship running in on, uh, locally. We
I would say I was a person. The guy responsible for getting the ship
from point A to point B. That's what I did on board the ship.